c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Data.dll.config
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Data.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Data.pdb
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Models.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Models.pdb
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\obj\Debug\MVCExam.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\obj\Debug\MVCExam.Data.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\obj\Debug\MVCExam.Data.pdb
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Ace\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCExam\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\obj\Debug\MVCExam.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\obj\Debug\MVCExam.Data.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\obj\Debug\MVCExam.Data.pdb
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Data.dll.config
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Data.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Data.pdb
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Models.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\MVCExam.Models.pdb
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\UniUser\Documents\MVCExam\MVCExamBase\MVCExam.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
